Element: Hydrogen is the chemical element with the symbol H and atomic number
1. With a standard atomic weight of 1.008, hydrogen is the lightest element in
the periodic table. Hydrogen is the most abundant chemical substance in the
universe, constituting roughly 75% of all baryonic mass.[7][note 1] Non-remnant
stars are mainly composed of hydrogen in the plasma state. The most common
isotope of hydrogen, termed protium (name rarely used, symbol 1H), has one
proton and no neutrons.

Helium (from Greek: ἥλιος, romanized: helios, lit.'sun') is a chemical element
with the symbol He and atomic number 2. It is a colorless, odorless, tasteless,
non-toxic, inert, monatomic gas, the first in the noble gas group in the
periodic table.[a] Its boiling point is the lowest among all the elements.
Helium is the second lightest and second most abundant element in the
observable universe (hydrogen is the lightest and most abundant). It is present
at about 24% of the total elemental mass, which is more than 12 times the mass
of all the heavier elements combined. Its abundance is similar to this in both
the Sun and in Jupiter. This is due to the very high nuclear binding energy
(per nucleon) of helium-4, with respect to the next three elements after
helium. This helium-4 binding energy also accounts for why it is a product of
both nuclear fusion and radioactive decay. Most helium in the universe is
helium-4, the vast majority of which was formed during the Big Bang. Large
amounts of new helium are being created by nuclear fusion of hydrogen in stars.

Nitrogen is the chemical element with the symbol N and atomic number 7. It was
first discovered and isolated by Scottish physician Daniel Rutherford in 1772.
Although Carl Wilhelm Scheele and Henry Cavendish had independently done so at
about the same time, Rutherford is generally accorded the credit because his
work was published first.  The name nitrogène was suggested by French chemist
Jean-Antoine-Claude Chaptal in 1790 when it was found that nitrogen was present
in nitric acid and nitrates. Antoine Lavoisier suggested instead the name
azote, from the Ancient Greek: ἀζωτικός 'no life', as it is an asphyxiant gas;
this name is used instead in many languages, such as French, Italian, Russian,
Romanian, Portuguese and Turkish, and appears in the English names of some
nitrogen compounds such as hydrazine, azides and azo compounds.

Oxygen is the chemical element with the symbol O and atomic number 8. It is a
member of the chalcogen group in the periodic table, a highly reactive
nonmetal, and an oxidizing agent that readily forms oxides with most elements
as well as with other compounds. After hydrogen and helium, oxygen is the
third-most abundant element in the universe by mass. At standard temperature
and pressure, two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen, a colorless and
odorless diatomic gas with the formula O2. Diatomic oxygen gas currently
constitutes 20.95% of the Earth's atmosphere, though this has changed
considerably over long periods of time. Oxygen makes up almost half of the
Earth's crust in the form of oxides.[2]

Sodium is a chemical element with the symbol Na (from Latin 'natrium') and
atomic number 11. It is a soft, silvery-white, highly reactive metal. Sodium is
an alkali metal, being in group 1 of the periodic table. Its only stable
isotope is 23Na. The free metal does not occur in nature, and must be prepared
from compounds. Sodium is the sixth most abundant element in the Earth's crust
and exists in numerous minerals such as feldspars, sodalite, and rock salt
(NaCl). Many salts of sodium are highly water-soluble: sodium ions have been
leached by the action of water from the Earth's minerals over eons, and thus
sodium and chlorine are the most common dissolved elements by weight in the
oceans.

Source: Wikipedia.org

They are the elements.
